infrastructure/terraform/components/examplecomponent/README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- vale off -->

## Requirements

No requirements.
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_account_id"></a> [aws\_account\_id](#input\_aws\_account\_id) | The AWS Account ID (numeric) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_component"></a> [component](#input\_component) | The variable encapsulating the name of this component | `string` | `"examplecomponent"` | no |
| <a name="input_default_tags"></a> [default\_tags](#input\_default\_tags) | A map of default tags to apply to all taggable resources within the component | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | The name of the tfscaffold environment | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_group"></a> [group](#input\_group) | The group variables are being inherited from (often synonmous with account short-name) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_log_retention_in_days"></a> [log\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_log\_retention\_in\_days) | The retention period in days for the Cloudwatch Logs events to be retained, default of 0 is indefinite | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | The name of the tfscaffold project | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS Region | `string` | n/a | yes |
## Modules

No modules.
## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- vale on -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Feature/CCM-10591 lambda boilerplate (#68)
* CCM-10591: Add Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Add Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Add Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Add Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Add Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

* CCM-10591: Lambda Boilerplate

infrastructure/terraform/components/examplecomponent/README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- vale off -->

## Requirements

No requirements.
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_account_id"></a> [aws\_account\_id](#input\_aws\_account\_id) | The AWS Account ID (numeric) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_component"></a> [component](#input\_component) | The variable encapsulating the name of this component | `string` | `"examplecomponent"` | no |
| <a name="input_default_tags"></a> [default\_tags](#input\_default\_tags) | A map of default tags to apply to all taggable resources within the component | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | The name of the tfscaffold environment | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_force_lambda_code_deploy"></a> [force\_lambda\_code\_deploy](#input\_force\_lambda\_code\_deploy) | If the lambda package in s3 has the same commit id tag as the terraform build branch, the lambda will not update automatically. Set to True if making changes to Lambda code from on the same commit for example during development | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_group"></a> [group](#input\_group) | The group variables are being inherited from (often synonmous with account short-name) | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_log_retention_in_days"></a> [log\_retention\_in\_days](#input\_log\_retention\_in\_days) | The retention period in days for the Cloudwatch Logs events to be retained, default of 0 is indefinite | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | The name of the tfscaffold project | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | The AWS Region | `string` | n/a | yes |
## Modules

No modules.
## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- vale on -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
